README.md, before:

# tool_survey
Result from the Load test tool survey.


Link to survey: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdHZ2F2DTJtq41wH9bQHAj6ZbP35r0J5jAOfXpbUeXCOw2weQ/viewform

NOTE: I will update the Readme page with more analysis of the data.

## In which country are you located?
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/country.png)

## In which Industry are you currently working?
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/current_industry.png)

## Which load test tool are you using in your current engagement/job?
Count of tool that people are currently using in their load test engagement
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/current_tool.png)

## Which is your favorite load test tool(/load test platform)?
Count of favorite load test tool
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/fav_tool.png)

## In past three years, for your work, which load test tools have you used the most?
Count of tools that people have used in last three years
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/three_years.png)


## What is your Job Title?
List of most common word in a title/role.
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/title_word.png)

Commit message:

added virtual users & experience charts

README.md, after:

# tool_survey
Result from the Load test tool survey.


Link to survey: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdHZ2F2DTJtq41wH9bQHAj6ZbP35r0J5jAOfXpbUeXCOw2weQ/viewform

NOTE: I will update the Readme page with more analysis of the data.


## How long have you been doing performance testing?
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/experience.png)

## In which country are you located?
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/country.png)

## In which Industry are you currently working?
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/current_industry.png)

## Which load test tool are you using in your current engagement/job?
Count of tool that people are currently using in their load test engagement
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/current_tool.png)

## How many virtual users/threads are you using for load testing in your current engagement?
Count of virtual users that people are currently testing their applications
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/virtual_users.png)

## Which is your favorite load test tool(/load test platform)?
Count of favorite load test tool
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/fav_tool.png)

## In past three years, for your work, which load test tools have you used the most?
Count of tools that people have used in last three years
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/three_years.png)

## What is your Job Title?
List of most common word in a title/role.
![Data](https://github.com/hseera/tool_survey/blob/main/images/title_word.png)
